TASK: teamwork is to look at scikit-learn library. 


❓1. What is an error rate?

he error rate in machine learning is a metric that quantifies how often a model makes incorrect predictions. 
It's calculated as the ratio of incorrect predictions to the total number of predictions made.
***Formula:***
Error Rate = Number of Incorrect Predictions /  Total Number of Predictions

​	
 
Example: If your model makes 10 incorrect predictions out of 100 total predictions, the error rate is 10%.
❓2.Where you could use other machine-learning models?


❓3.What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised training?

* Supervised Training:
Labeled Data: In supervised learning, the training data includes both the input features (independent variables) and 
the corresponding output labels (dependent variables). 
These labels serve as the ground truth that the model tries to predict.
The primary goal is to learn a mapping from inputs to outputs. The model is trained to predict the output labels given the input data 
by minimizing the difference between 
the predicted labels and the actual labels.
Examples in scikit-learn:
Classification: Predicting a categorical label, such as identifying if an email is spam or not (e.g., RandomForestClassifier, SVC).
Regression: Predicting a continuous value, such as forecasting house prices (e.g., LinearRegression, SVR).

* Unsupervised Training:
Unlabeled Data: In unsupervised learning, the training data consists only of input features without any corresponding output labels. 
The model tries to learn the underlying 
structure or distribution in the data.
Goal: The main objective is to find patterns or groupings in the data, such as clustering similar data points or reducing 
the dimensionality of the data.
Examples in scikit-learn:
Clustering: Grouping similar data points into clusters (e.g., KMeans, DBSCAN).
Dimensionality Reduction: Reducing the number of input variables while preserving as much information as possible (e.g., PCA, t-SNE).

Summary:
Supervised Learning involves training models on labeled data to make predictions.
Unsupervised Learning involves identifying patterns or structures in unlabeled data without explicit guidance on the desired outcome.


❓4.How to import different models from the scikit-learn package?

To import different models from the scikit-learn package, you can use the import statement in Python. Scikit-learn organizes its models 
into different modules based on the type 
of algorithm (e.g., classification, regression, clustering). Below are some examples of how to import various models from scikit-learn:

1. Classification Models
Logistic Regression:
from sklearn.linear_model import LogisticRegression

2. Regression Models
Linear Regression:
from sklearn.linear_model import LinearRegression

3. Clustering Models
K-Means Clustering:
from sklearn.cluster import KMeans

4. Dimensionality Reduction
Principal Component Analysis (PCA):
from sklearn.decomposition import PCA

5. Model Selection and Evaluation
Train-Test Split:
from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split

6. Preprocessing
Standard Scaler:
from sklearn.preprocessing import StandardScaler


❓5. How can you evaluate the performance of a machine learning model in scikit-learn?

❓6.What metrics are commonly used for evaluation?


❓7.What is model overfitting, and how can it be prevented?
Overfitting occurs when a model performs well on training data but poorly on new data. It can be prevented by using techniques like 
cross-validation, regularization, or reducing model complexity.
